# TA Meeting Notes

## April 23, 2025, 3:00pm

### Attendees: Shelby Myraman, Yuan-Kai "Kevin" Yang

### üÉè Warm-Up Assignment Feedback

- What went well
    - The `README.md` file was very well done
    - Good use of branches, pull requests, and issues
    - Overall project management was grood
    - The UI looks sleek
- What to Improve on
    - Improving UI/UX
        - When the shuffle button is clicked, nothing happens
        - Make sure that when a user interacts with a website, they can see something happening
    - Repo Cleanup
        - Put `.vscode` folder in `.gitignore`
        - Naming conventions should be similar
            - ex. `/Figma design` folder is inconcistent with other folders
            - ex. `deck_unit_test.js` uses underscores, but other places uses spaces
            - In the final project, it should look like everything was created by a single person (ex. file naming, comments, formatting, etc.)
    - Coding Standards
        - In `index.html` there is JavaScript code inside of the HTML file. In coding standards, this should be separated into two different files
- Overall, we met expectations for this assignment
    - The grades for team-based assignment will come out later in the course

### üöÄ Advice on Future Work

- Have more general developer roles
    - Shelby had a frontend/backend split for her CSE 210 class and it did not go well, especially at the end
    - Avoid integration hell phase by having developers that are not restricted to a category
- Assign tasks to multiple people
    - Limits the potential of one person sioling information
- AI Policy
    - Come up with a clear consistent AI Policy for the group
    - If AI generated code is put into the codebase, please clearly indicate that so that Shelby can give feedback on it
        - AI use is allowed in the course