# TA Meeting Notes

## May 14, 2025, 3:00pm

### Attendees: Shelby Myraman, Evan Honggo Widjojo, Yuan-Kai "Kevin" Yang


### ü§î Questions from Shelby
- Q (Shelby): How is the standup being done for this group?
  - A (Kevin): We are using GeekBot for async standup meetings. These meetings are weekly on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
  - Feedback (Shelby): If you see that two standups per week is not working or not enough for your team, add more standups. Although two is fine.
- Q (Shelby): How are you updating your team about updating the process/workflow?
  - A: We are updating the team on new things happening (more meetings, new standup meeting, new workflows) during the announcements portion of our meetings.
  - Feedback (Shelby): Try using the feedback from the retrospective to iterate on the process/workflow
- Q (Shelby): Are you using GitHub Projects?
  - A: Yes.
  - Feedback: Please add the estimates/sizing to each of the issues. This way we are able to see the estimated workload of each member and adjust from there. Make sure to describe things like this in the README so Shelby knows the workflow for grading purposes.


### ‚úèÔ∏è Notes from Shelby
- Great job on the CI/CD Pipeline assignment
  - Did you do branch protection?
    - Kevin: "Yes we did." (1 Review is needed to merge)
- Make sure to be doing the sprint planning meeting every week
- The GitHub repo organization is a bit messy
  - e.g. there are some HTML and CSS files that are sitting out in the root directory rather than in a folder
- Coding Style Guidelines
  - Make sure to create one so that we all have the same conventions in spacing, naming, etc.
  - Needs to look like one person wrote all of the code.