# TA Meeting Notes

## May 21, 2025, 3:00pm

### Attendees: Shelby Myraman, Evan Honggo Widjojo, Yuan-Kai "Kevin" Yang

## ⭐ Updates/Questions We Have for Shelby
- Evan: For some of the past tasks, we have not created an issue. What should we do about this?
  - Shelby: For grading purposes, create an issue and immediately close them. This way they can be properly documented
- Kevin: Regarding upcoming checkpoints, we have two groups (ADR and CI/CD) focusing on the different assignments
  - Kevin: How many ADRs are expected by the end of this checkpoint?
  - Shelby: 4 is the minimum amount of ADRs

### ✏️ Notes from Shelby
- Great job on the team status video, might get shown in class!
  - Try to be more mindful of the time constraints of the video next time
  - Add the video link to the README
- Good job on following retrospective format
- Sprint Planning
  - Shelby: Is the planning happening on GitHub Projects?
  - Evan: No, we keep track on Notion.
  - Shelby: Make the process more visible (grading purposes), create task sizing, and also try moving everything to GitHub Projects
- Repo is still disorganized
  - Do the organization early on
  - You could still do it later, but it would just be a hassle
- CI/CD
  - Need a step in pipeline about code coverage and quality report
    - Use something like **Codacy** or CodeClimate
    - Implement these now rather than later
  - Uss **JS Docs**
    - This is the last piece of the CI/CD pipeline that the instructors are looking for
    - It is an automated tool that creates documentation during merging process
    - Takes comments from code and turns it into documentation
- README
  - Some groups have linked all of the assignment submissions into the README
  - Makes it easier to grade